Deploy and manage h1 changes, xref cleanup for the h1s (#2958)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-on-k8s/quickstart-beats.md

# Quickstart [k8s-beat-quickstart]

> 1. Apply the following specification to deploy Filebeat and collect the logs of all containers running in the Kubernetes cluster. ECK automatically configures the secured connection to an {{es}} cluster named `quickstart`, created in [](/deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-on-k8s/elasticsearch-deployment-quickstart.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Apply the following specification to deploy Filebeat and collect the logs of all containers running in the Kubernetes cluster. ECK automatically configures the secured connection to an {{es}} cluster named `quickstart`, created in [](/deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-on-k8s/deploy-an-orchestrator.md).
```
